{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Exercise 1:
\b0  What should you type (within the shell) to see the source of "shell.py"?\
	I typed cat shell.py\
\

\b Exercise 2:
\b0  Use the shell's built-in 
\f1\fs26 update
\f0\fs32  command to download 
\f1\fs26 http://web.mit.edu/6.033/www/assignments/trust/shell.color.py
\f0\fs32 . Note that you have a chance to read the new code before it is installed. Once you have the new code, run 
\f1\fs26 reexec
\f0\fs32  to start the new shell. You should see a colored prompt. What else has changed?\
	The new code file added global colour value declarations. The error messages are coloured too.\
\

\b Exercise 3:
\b0  The shell also supports "logging in". Try using the 
\f1\fs26 login
\f0\fs32  and 
\f1\fs26 logout
\f0\fs32  commands to log in and out. Another command shows the authentication status \'97 which command is it?\
	The status command.\
\

\b Exercise 4:
\b0  Modify the original shell (not the colored version) to add an undetectable "backdoor" that saves usernames to a file on disk. Include your code in your submission for this assignment.\
	Check the shell folder for detail implemtations.	\
\

\b Exercise 5:
\b0  How long did it take you to complete this assignment?\
	About an hour.	\
}